have you noticed more graffiti around
town kaci marie takes a look at some
vandalism in the area and what property
owners can do to help in the fight
against graffiti graffiti artists are
leaving their mark across the area one
of their favorite canvases in Boise is
this vacant building on Main Street that
lydia ford is currently trying to lease
boise police say this building is just
one example of how quickly a mark of
graffiti can cause a chain reaction and
if a week goes by and it's not fixed
what it does it tends to send a message
that oh nobody cares also will happen is
one tagger will see their tag or see a
tag on a building and think well that
takes not very good I can do a better
tag so the next wall becomes their tag
and then a rival tag will come put
theirs and pretty soon the entire
buildings covered with tags Curtis crumb
who is the crime unit supervisor for the
boise police department says there is no
city ordinance that forces property
owners to clean up graffiti but the
Department asks it be removed in 48
hours if possible Crum recognizes
vandalism like this can be frustrating
for businesses like lithia Ford the
company's general manager says he's
painted this building four times to
cover up graffiti and the last time it
was painted was in October graffiti like
this is not just a problem at area
businesses it's also a property crime
popping up in neighborhoods across the
valley we take a lot of pride in Boise
it's a beautiful place and so it's kind
of sad to see you know that increasing
hopefully we don't go that route and end
up looking like other big cities to try
and keep the city graffiti free the
mayor's office has set up a hotline for
anyone to call if they notice graffiti
on someone else's property and nobody
wants graffiti in their backyard on
their fence or on businesses or in
business walls so we acknowledge that it
is not a pleasant thing and we also
understand and have experience that it
is a significant issue in the city if
caught graffiti artists can face fines
and even jail time for leaving marks
like this on public and private property
kaci marie Idaho's news channel seven if
you have noticed graffiti or witnessed
someone vandalizing property called the
city's hotline 377 6790 that's 377
6790 and with that I bid you goodbye i'm
carolyn ahaha lee from all of us at
Idaho's News Channel seven